docs: Add information about building jdk and output (#60)
Weave-MC/Weave-Loader: README.md

cd Weave-Loader
```

> Building requires Java 17 JDK to work. If you currently don't have this please download it from [here](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases?version=17&os=any&arch=any) (or use your own download source)

Reviewer: I'm not really sure if this is necessary since we've already had `org.gradle.toolchains.foojay-resolver-convention` plugin.

Author: I mean maybe. I have never looked into that plugin much nore used it personally. My default jdk was 8 and it complained when building because old version so adding docs like this seams nicer for end users trying to use something. A lot of projects that explain how to build from source do include a list of the "requirements"/tooling they use for building so I feel adding it either way still helps

Reviewer 2: Ye I think it should be fine to keep this

> Building requires Java 17 JDK to work. If you currently don't have this please download it from [here](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases?version=17&os=any&arch=any) (or use your own download source)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Building Weave-Loader requires a JDK of version 17 or higher. A good JDK distribution can be downloaded from [Adoptium.net](https://adoptium.net/temurin/releases?version=17&os=any&arch=any), but any OpenJDK compatible JDK suffices.
```

```
</details>

> Once build the full Weave-Leader should be loaded inside of `/loader/build/libs/` and you will want the `weave-loader-all.jar`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once built, the Weave-Loader artifact should have been generated in `loader/build/libs/`. The ready use use "shaded" or "fat" JAR should be present as well, under the name `weave-loader-all.jar`
```

Author: It's okay. I did NOT proof read my message :heart:
